added documentation for quiz import (#34)
openHPI/TeachingTeamGuidelines: docs/courseadministration/addcontent/quiz_import.md

![HPI Logo](../../img/HPI_Logo.png)

# Quiz Import from Google Spreadsheets

You can import the quiz structure from Google Spreadsheets.
All you have to do is the following:

### 1. Make a copy of this template
We can provide you with a quiz template that you can copy

> :::image type="content" source="../../img/courseadministration/quizmanagement/quiz_template.png" alt-text="How our quiz template looks like":::

Reviewer: Could you have a look at these image tags here, please? Either use markdown syntax or HTML syntax here, this syntax might not work correctly.

Author: yep, it's fixed

> Find the non-to-be-edited quiz structure template [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_b8wO9_HlrrHQxagYan1iM6BBK0XtnD6vESxmhnML5s/edit#gid=0)

Reviewer: I would not add the edit link to a public source. If we share the spreadsheet publicly, we should create a new "read-only" link.

Author: ah ok, sure, I missed that!

Author: uhmm, it seems that, even if we are using a URL without `edit` in it, it gets resolved to a URL with `edit` ...even when if the document is _de facto_ view only -- That's confusing :/
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12894481/119996102-9d68ee80-bfce-11eb-9356-2e36ff7f1c01.png)

Reviewer: Okay, but the access level changed.

Remember: *Please, do not edit directly the template, but make a copy of it* - see below how to do it.

:::image type="content" source="../../img/courseadministration/quizmanagement/copy_quiz_template.png" alt-text="How to make a copy of a Google spreadsheet template":::

Now that you have created a copy, you can edit yours with the quiz questions for all the weeks and homeworks in your course.
Please note that every row after the _Quizname_ rows is a question.

#### Cheat sheet of quiz questions and answers

##### The infos about the quiz and its type:

> - *Name* : the name of the quiz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Name*: the name of the quiz
```

> - *CourseSection*: the section of the course where the quiz is

Reviewer: We should add a note here that this value is always numeric and that course sections are counted starting with `1`.

- *Quiz Type*: choose the most appropriate type for the quiz

> - *Instructions*: This is a standard instructions

Reviewer: Please check with the platform - these instructions are not always allowed (I think, a self-test does not contain any instructions).

##### Question type, its points and explanation (green cells)

- *Question*: actual text of the question

> - *QuestionType*: choose between multiple answer or multiple choice

Reviewer: Should we add a note that other types (free text and survey) are not supported through the spreadsheet but only natively within the platform? 

And (even though this is not reflected in the spreadsheet), we now have different names: Multiple Choice is now named Single Choice and Multiple Answer is now called Multiple Choice.

Author: just added  a note as you suggested :)

- *Points*: points of the question

> - *Explanation*: eventual explanation of the question

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Explanation*: optional explanation of the question and correct answers. This is shown to learners together with the results of the quiz.
```

##### The answers to the question (blue and violet cells)

- *Answer1*, *Answer2*,* Answer3*, *Answer4* : the text of the answer

> - *Correctness* :choose 'True' for correct answer or  ('False') for the wrong answer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Correctness*: choose 'True' for a correct answer or 'False' for an incorrect answer
```

> - *Explanation*: text of the eventual explanation of the answer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Explanation*: text of the optional explanation of the answer. Similar to the explanation of a question, this is shown together with the results of the quiz.
```

### 2. Share your quiz spreadsheet to our quiz service

> Once you have finished filling out the quiz, question and answer infos for each week and homework worksheet, click on *Share* and paste address:

Reviewer: We might want to add a note about the name of the spreadsheet (e.g., prefix it with the course code or something other unique).

_hpi-openhpi@quizquestions-1191.iam.gserviceaccount.com_

Click *Done* to submit.

### 3. Import your quiz spreadsheet into your course

> Now, go to the course section page, click on import.

Reviewer: As discussed, a screenshot might be of great help here.

Author: added!

Reviewer: Thanks. I think you can remove the untouched image `docs/img/19/QuizImport.png`?

Author: sure, it landed there by accident.

Author: done :)

> Fill out the Spreadsheet name with the name of your quiz spreadsheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill out the Spreadsheet name with the **file name** of your quiz spreadsheet (and not the URL).
```

Author: applied suggestion :)

Fill out the Worksheet name with the name of the worksheet you want to import (e.g. "Week1")
Click on "Submit".

> It may take a little while before the values from your quiz spreadsheet get displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may take a little while before the values from your quiz spreadsheet get displayed. Check the status banner on the top of the page for the status of your import.
```

### Troubleshooting

> If the import returns the error "Pop from empty list", it is most likely that the worksheet you were trying to import from your spreadsheet was not the correct one or contained empty values.

Reviewer: Other errors are possible, this was just the error we saw.

Author: Corrected the text to be more generic

Reviewer: Thanks, looks good.
